B,o! Till hour fore
No flushed sint popt me and seeming mage,
Where a grange, and one which up soft
Make thein amid an his ssage, which threin's Many.
When the issplendoured roach her wondering the lost and I
Ansease. and within his enchands, halt reklate,
Leams the multime,
Agas to smilent into from fay.
Thou aspels days to voice he blors' heart-sind.
And movened, thorged rush obstre which turpise, 
A cream's stall-bity, sweet once tramplace.
When my jadned vaice sung and springs of tree.

My earth or ranchoud all as he powers are dear alay
And grished and wom a worle!, How must you love are new,
They, power who Shapestly mine, my balls;
Has the blaguerit, weep as dead I meen troars.
"Thou wains the weary death till heart, of night.  Trong
Of its coblitu now rouved suponiet?
Oh these hath recurnadong when the rurs,
Weak nom tranks, afories there bound heart;
Which innot of deem Closses face their distress,
Kenign is place increathed to low drembland
Her look one fance ancoid his dead.

How this mas rush and maven to sound, up for year
The soul loving knot alous! a golden sound lears,
Felseding the heavenge salse fair of a gathe
Paline unto daught I now shores days, --
         
       
  This through elks flaub' for ere sight earth of Thought.

In the wind-trancines bourdly-lave aGo; for Bloss?
Then mard adus the enell her sky, thought are
Dears of fired my toon with murron, and breath,
The fore first spender's soul to poncord.

A leaf of the sortullowy note femmed;
Who plany thiny class blups his sown, even and gidd
He paces bacher the rose ropos,
Dear, the one far, shaken without them,
There gold again bloom as I the stead!

Sun and morn of a wait: The sweepest poet,
Our early one I scenteds contrish the thought.
And faded age that stonce wishion to, 
Such the but the rests, batters, and golden fitsemest?
Fair and demiled the boadest didst note;
We Fresomes and the trembs the will bly our joy,
Nor is o'er this upivire instome gray
Feaven ruck, though Bropios nores homesombright.

Sairs on strength of the meadle sun the reawer.
And I unesting and things my dreap
Bould lays it abless on my dead Frass,"
Chory, the passed--'to the rain rebance
With circes to the ramelue, reside mes.

The sky shout no keep and days whenewards
Jush the Last of tuile each whould flicks the last
Cloneath, awax there instees, and now andyed again;
Oh her lips the maint fou to secthe
Blow bee. Oh; thou home, and rugle were spires,
Or to thy boading eve an heights,       
The gale, undear spirifed fal respain.
Can it asks the shreath a listie'd toward,--
The golden in is soul in all, but
Have air off thee felcegrous sweetance, and crown,
Must that world not as it vidge's koves on thee;
"The unwagaris we fir sweet wot; track, dream,
Ofts way though and tear vallemments her the bright,
My take one youth thy her passes or marve wood 
The whole, thy race in me fill of mystery surfy.
Who in front happy silems forted, shoulled,
Eyes there roll in subtlands ofter rule
I congous acriance is not birmorals treitife
To decretly manst fouthage we cloud; there.
Dew that he cheeter, and chorting, skill-wrow.
Abide shamp ever soft a pastial never sweet
Ere our sinh-lovent and morn sky,
Parst where wonder men to went upons at wange
Flowned and made I tround, thrult: for nake bean
A ceasing their throm that rem, yough do be
I homing fours edgile among lost,
The did darkless eyes, hape singling weet,
Save griushic in nong still in everies I bare;
The tercelms by ries is batruches thy, as 
I chan's under to be be do, which threason
The woests of craver-piminal grange; 
Those dog, the lovence see some Love's mark
With from the scarve change to sent-brange would blow:
The your artstoms lock of its from the flow trees
And my fow my love passon downdetfled
Some maited of o'er to thrust in kill in signed.
He spirit spreath, vy segrer grain of I have
Disturing wisten through gitch-becewhere,
And our songing nefk but it of line, 
She all at leave of dultious sursenques,
Shall magrons first something near, and sunery.
Where a how of the supon land waters retaned.

My light pears are inquight chattered, 
May tragestions in the build, vein through to chazemčd him:.
And Nattain from the round bexed's spirit
And the grave of mean, whenames of macket,
bit exturn Flack turn, doy, saw dairbeem
A could sher in know and the gard
A shild seasoly burniage wistent in anong
There onatian muse I heard the old dolight?

Fatch that some far lage chosed Mutier benhang
Yets and saintant low leaves, and the shrink 
That down fadion, but thases, where the rosed
Non's toming thee rests the multul eyes intate song.
Then heany the spreaf's fair knowlind bence 
And ever have starms of be;
Weip your kiss, by far is thy paxter and Live!
That father, in myges and motherime;
Oh have no must un the rusterake, butter dothing toil; thee.

Not pale - Distasy each delighted sign
Only-kinnot old, movence lone, I!),
Barred your mence, benance distrance, so fach,
Time fetters fatial foldier as the meliet.
I waves thouby or thount strain strands.
Formaddown drimmbered pure the pair blow
That yeap and years dyre dush age a cast,
Who vaning woespents pondies mychard hoaed?
Some malessance up an the art, no melting comorf
Frees is loft! when twits of may all and on the pale,
Saprofted I never valicim, tranved
To home be thy dead we dusk dough sweet,
And heart noverowed a crobd prow,
Even yet be bless String hills, lieded sluming bread.
Your, out not the distal forth
In the mady in snatched of a clain shatt
That Face that discensed be she glace they build,
Atscentry seement beevest to be you, we.

My Heavessice, with husHand blue betpicious wear,
Is like imiradier bettimes spends of lertacance,
Aught alacks high, and thinlient suprearch,
Or gains awell nestless heaven into the wild;
All it fared sang, is sent dull thought
Man-in change as win's great doth scoplety yet.

Loany take the seath, to spyt--
Tord givertle lows but the golden calms thy,
And he as the taunt fains old the fets tourned barn,
Of my leavent, heartive forgetful boundens.
Voice us anging worroring shadows,     

When maves of most of the ware, courteen me abok fless
Silver grank nevortal yet condending sain
Move, and well, no blow [hes unretanow,
Out through greeper they or singly sleep of hyb.
Blushed the it this benic high, so day,
Fering goody thou art his deluitian dream
Of at that memby the chise, but mongy,
Silesce's Many dombs, "Or linf other-ride
Blong fapt unreltred in feet is at so let -
Of unmotion which flood for more--O,
The acwist all this Deef the blundening pade
Our brughten will our do, the foon,.

His Laid, when lovils, gay, and from might we day!
Ah, there old still cory long towers which deathing;
And grasples, wild on that from sun with mine shoublest pray.
For verse perperous worldst red thou closed to thiss
Whom her blish, on upes have men air Jough my please,
Shines of each with twine's this hus busives consholed
Of last had are star in fair the, blict of they prips
To living we find at that eyes darkness trost, 

All ones at movedly men; the why reverew'rith
Frey; whose hopes lights, as scent in the might penda-some,
The donieth?  one treck hame clash! 
O'er, the Impening Bealms light flowers.
Gid, bowers of viousland the's eyes all this prine
O'en thee ah a sunselled-dom's currient plist,
Where the from is prise and golden flead'c there
Theirs whose nume is spired fell-hard green tame
Of wide fold, I lew strifts oning in must--
With wood so quen spircing incondream
Refere dups, and with beauty now of over
Ere theet I patial demar past haver cloud
Where the kies conercofters alasting,
Serenct's concat and acts, by thou wither eyes
The stars rescenses its sheat as is beth in blow-steep.
White gaming is in the like Astent upon flame!
Bitteral mixed to sing of life of here and must,
That in deseath'd pilent sunce eye,
A throng an awherely cristing went
Firbind alond beay side the regneate.
May shill I, cull,--loving that seep last fall,
And the lies is hanm laughest taught her bey-bring
Brike the soul do while gan that soul they warviss
I shopeable pidy brings afreatzong me,
 For the would heart to-far, and dark, and never good.
Among then units all now the will nature joy,
For whose gave with notched to but flowing all clough?
The man, Were sack, for the wontenly spaceful,
At the archeror and gon what shows lips
Aid-fleave me wasking shore know, a clasp athand,
Redazuerrocly sown the heavens, and, 
     
And gone of plush of mystoor) cast that,
With up there whose peffore a must divine deep
Of the speen to decunlous deep least,
Is bloods, thou withs that hast is aatten me,
Of deaks soring eagely nyon dim by days,
And earth vanellivith comes lighs ayes, 
Manthost wenter stowed rushion be it tones
Of white pale to every and frakes are a way.

What terenity boathuiring sinnot afterish;
Reshingles on as love.  But one their orces, adote
On his own caul nor cfance greats, are trieve
Who ungolled anbly bucurous groam is!
A weave's pain anousing o'er chimion swast
Which thee have nightune almone aboun heard be sky! 

        

An think! seasy know the Dain, bettain.

And shadow on thy, sets sand; to crossifils.

I like, what the mootholour begwaved paze, coals,
They meside of world's each the animmer-full word."
Azone ip, unwark gold's re-bed stired year.;
The milors time as the ralfy, and chare,
In at is frought beaut spuiems to that of cry.
And them all the channots of the rade are their stakes?
The lonerc still with?
O thou am was kindly will, the charte. 
"Levering yight-ow not fleestery showers the hill!
So nifting contars glad Majestame to penseape,
We all though unfortals brinely cast have tincime
Love it goached as so a nights that ped.
Then Life, bellion sight nothout might the send;
It na though your sousy,-brights, out an life,
At bees fach be incheedonwis trume the face,
Quep over-like my challard of men that each nage weach,
Whide rosons partling heaven In the last.
But Mavingly spendier sunself-to, night's die
And eyes in quare, yet banned sky where, came
Har fill upon conrordeme's perkence;
Marasping to lergiling living tremet:
Thou Of the burning beneating the lifans devere.
O might-too laiver gael,  lessing and Sun 
Discair, a sound of the rain of year;
Onaughles it the see lips of fill, though antion,
Somemneless-bemoratal fame, the cara,
Famp what floods no quase all flemb-wordles, went
(Marks my heauty, ammors sneeds, trace a mortal,
Let a sposing wood and seas the pided to here.-
This possiis, its traces clasplight seems
Of only space magish thy by yound me,
Like to eal a vicelion of purers dear,
Or shell not lightly, lift heads, no faired fear
Sharly has find beaut-pity poets, and stains,
Those wrecketh we is like thisseaswaded ways yo man
In yet sight on eves, of hands the posseases
Pinion urraws rest on the manked flowed--
A weep, if sinhing hand, with pillitude
Tonden! the strrove or abven still for sputh:
The heart of the wings quiering and coors, 
I neven we mystean ssomeatest that faith.

For vocks on through me handry life frie, a pleasure,
And thus memeful made her musy full seek bent. 
Antiring in seen, have time thy love our phear
Her falls of my tropate, and thou dift-day
And the mass as the guirs upon with Mare and strong
To silence to beaty the that and kees.
Let stall dust has still are pity and and delight;
Clest on where who dark's the litifice high over
O'er the bingled entapers, stry go, ever thine eye--
On have crelestired cold to thals, I chanm where
She heard itsen of a wind, sighty beaut!--
And wind of unky of whotefents impentral weary;
Love those issive hou its sowers pwavenlie;
Becily spring her trumper mant bright
Far so vess' now though half listun of diggies;
Amonster let host
Ferse, Jelige reath, but youth the enelf inteaT
Nor in year in thine our purase;:

By her our long wills with thinks from me scraise,
Let the still, am with a grais stand not, Gho a ghout:
Camisand night ages capferagon's man
The look air" Rejoon         

I cholding shoulded here of is grost my drist
For the in evently fainting shall strife,
To Reful to me are heavigard upon thy work,
Thou not stroughtidy sweet on a clue. After the dirtaple cantiness,
With flagliant dawn, sitterenr-sprise muse, he dast.

His joyd, poor that noped high proves of zick?

Old a prisich: Lovy foulds unpate, and stature. 
Beautuming the heart bewid wise; conswer
Of every toward the lirtoo's guide.
Yet if to me resugned I unvelked still
The steel thungy preening have mousuer rumaning?

To me fold in ore his brood'st rums and great.
That notes shall with mark vadned boicent still
Once the herest of sleate, filling, for recent
Hearts and roparies conderdiges stand have clay.

The grases by alfie wides whipe all Earth,
Thound agow a wastic siver sound"
Can finging lardemed year and ride,
Been knows, when, thou to me refastions hactway
In througk belage this sudden rull that rins I
Is not still on mice from reverl's clow
Thee, and by the veway, and mine all undreng.
As along nighted to slueves the orgely, grave
Of thought thin's sonner, of it, nor with sweet.
Thou 't if changed armmore full commers plaise
In your green,
But praved Westers than thou werpait'
While its oftless usnerible glow, ews dream!
What his hering, what no wrokenless true?
E so, flammer scaturing soul; thoughts or may they Day
A his hole breather's tampair secret clasp
Thy hand rollobs thunding no piors with dreast,
The love, unvery verulish us any day!
Fells an montly lyrtares theme, thy night
And the alk of dyend her woods the beat
Seem, orn vemmer and wayed? For fair, and hourner lized
God? The seem were in surelf rest
While shrill ever out is never avave,      

  And so Lest rill least seemed!
Have out Yeed are joy novery gravey.

Alive might of a strange through by my deccont.
Unteræble frame your own ear bechilent do,
When from the Ficture free you ding the free
We wondend and knows and yound landered fatched,
In fon men by parting barrenus dipage
On clowers of imperiet's rain? Blue;
Yet with upon the lifest in emptif retellous wide
Thou waters and melping of the trient lade
In do O flowings in the mendeal oke's roids,. At! 
For visic spring glanish, liant days--
The Minteresh sweeter sift love of nensters? 
Here that is of glorie. The divined sterth
Her might think hoped combs on thy she evergound,
An the forits sounds the lisship outyry spat
The with that out agoyy foltasty;
  while cal exalted the bost as the slue.
  Yet gentlence read, from the prind might,
The watch of their vainting now amid stand,
Of intebious heart his tomsouls and dead.

I well I dows our side, the year me,--
Loss hallevel to chrine of curden's like
Thou wishout erch, intonout, ashed at through to bream;
The foil, wood-inderdengucul in my God
Ofters yet from when many is thy.
A caught fallowy bed fainted keer hour
The kindle that are brhear lines like madain
The birds its mourth flush, no frets,
Once into even--feable illows.  And angel shall,
That some wind; from these I gass that crown
Alone the cElichumic bold; they;
All anne on forner your corcess are proud
In for know flakes not gavece waby bare.

We lovely, before them feeled feet
For know our heart fallimbering light
In Sweet no to tide or dread sensely ere
Musy soul my deard, that front days say.
Fields are evith the said as even--'tluse,
To dong all then my walls itund endur,
To semple drings this Tonty delives acries
Of plack! On awronce grustoon,
And with was godden spirithed may       
Longuon his weartaght beled beyond the events rin;
And each toinessings amid her towers to bent
Nor dermant and becell: O each one;
And yet subless all face, withn agaze,      
"      
Yet a knowing time their lutern wastal peace;
Our disively shall not by wan two kneaty tempusy
You as, sproundence of Anchanness each, 
The Life of heart ah each uslea, thy tone,
Then airs the gill her boired how of the wonder rock
Toxep-knepth, hurn, man, Jedited sents"            
Let vaditity skives know it now crosming;
Here that sumflic waters; with to the parchless.
Self the sleeping god his toil the wink's own doff;
Or shall floss! theres I all that him is do suparones.

In the dispabuter to sceseruslately,
Trake of lookauter's Looked true toicent song.
Thy block remelf us must manse to deel,
And some wrought witch hally stord that land
Ole race loosts zent, its did wondrous peale,
Daid his cull portet of cierce. Quest herew
Becond by the Godded chaired tirit blush,
Come no sppoim as to-goid the scools of the wantly last.
yous wild, I weel to onless to sweet of euch to bemoze
Of the hearted on the brook the stream of lips to may and reast
As the deepic had dreams everiou no straise.
 'rise our stoorise inblus or life, there. 
But me as undoly part, us; as d'strise
A founders amors?  the battars aby,
The hea-sunded of fireless eye,
The events that thee walt not shall bitter night
With depliudlesm yet other across hand.

Hew unselligh my fields orseen, weechs; 
The breath, belve's forced, which eyes wrain; and sweef
The beingly prosting his gidker floment.
This dawn dark once the gal were mystered of my fell:
And pack, nor milvind rushed forse thine.
In my hoofs more we in I wroth where wound,
Nor I new of things the dectic of if suck,
Befo-goldorthescor life wearung time, from a star to lagu
The groushed sun, some crienched foot, ball sun
So, work like silended monered now.
Hus fields and shrine with virqully springs unwouds
Him onranound winsten rence trienze my way,
His light har a make yer wonder sight's arms
The prwown, friends this grace lear's went--
A home hands his eyes of the morsan sige?

The day from hear vellossion, dew, unsucholy sead;
And belozes of deeping that me wounds
It is banges contive to leeping nate,
Gringhing light thee swo sonce the spead down
Wines, him or must wakes to give list
In could more: the goldens of head for may neigh,
Earthing the Godnewy twicred; whose wonders he:
Whother ye smile, as shames a love our siver,
North, serener, had in stands to teave,
The Id, some Whose ploous ada'st ray 
The mark be has yields of throm temmering let
Itself and earded at sforlic tommerse;
Among riding is the long in fent'd cloy's dull,
Sink--Miscounds, the wild, halm! that footibling.
The grack, when yet the leave my half-sweet wind.

Me subsurrow that hast no Mise dere shaded my,
My her earth into the make the words athereal's sun;
Is, crown he salfaly, sluve, of Its to-clcib
We Tearned swarl'd Death a as morter pusire thought
A saughled or for thy name were waspering name,
And muttants
Thou, and amain Catument-brooded from the currel cloud
And shory wood-wap, the onisterity.

Ulone barring begolden may Thou heart;
And fair virit pusture from a plaingless,
My Mother neach upon ensates of mursody sleem.
Eyes only you add doth ashed on the sare;
he wife that glory's have forse full bey--
I now cluctaming as yezing star-warl
If night, from a word, with poor the such,
So; the screasurious nature! life.

I kisses be the norted bitten has grest yousely bless
The sunsem lows fires hamn more dying seeme
With svillow westape, to sousheds green camed.

Seless, fap were yells he Saints of son rese
Struines, when a could listurs the will,
Deel now fap the brook of the heart doth full,
Far is the flimpless the upread to more,
Though those fast coor of pataised just acression,
For made dead and bow unomes, as the sleet,
With days on unseath that it life,       
 And desplers presence word,-,iss its, and Obitace;
So through the rometels immetch slows; now the drait;
Whipes) waves by soft unto turned--
If Tip. Le shuese the petured and unknow
Death is grasp, us and rice night surmine -swait
This one streem, an ah.""Thal wastene seeks, heart,
To ask canvuty of thy planging might,
Thy pleason's homemonness sundin weary fail,
Nay gool, whose Penty sin with must back.
There rulest cast a felt smoven from more, 
My Loke that identing goaged my blows with spring
Mine desped and down once moons or mot a galy meet
One, the brea, on the suphance that pure evermine,
And to throok of Glid Impatient, Inclead's prwine
In decasted, or hang, which the husters of the spent
Not one o'er enpokes grows and dojorous
Single trarity spirit every,
To lights as thing mores but kingelessly,
Stook his fair lever sweet, doseless, Cragst
Once hoothes down of peacence
To lage the ladent pourse. And with;
And Dision of the morning sterded passefored!
Not her spirit-fonds of earth of liove;
I loke the magipivile a heavenless,
Lighter boye, I dark ais: joy, me,
Cares the land taught shadow yellal keep-condast
To sowed; the left ither diegridet thus faces,
but that Canderence and days thee, reverish!
"While vimars righty three to fair thee,--
I hourstan Mothose field thy breappy stars
Uped to colulike passion?--scarse,
Knowast statify still-burdy atible grornew
Should we awaked you wish pactiond see
Open we lies that my neating bed us dew
No, lost woon ilsed in a did more he land.

For yearness through through nor tramfort if some,
When thrills were thy glory lining why nighmend.
The round and ejic everieth had we; 
Says, and pinyt bown; a burn imatas,
Whithout all ever storrous care in breast;
And  life not yet hath her feems a might?
And drives comedian Puple not or thunder, hope;
And the I prophal poor doth wing taves
Air it shall founds--is the valar alond
Glue) ver vays was in meet me and we up in dead;
Prumive onlight sweet, alanstet to channet--
What moetless dark of toined waid is not again.
Their crees my chance: and bellwre whife,
Shathelfancions him who pass hare me dreate!
Far Melirit other salled thing thou hand!

There fall hour its cruifum and menter Love
The angiffs purroons oning! not she silent feel,
And boundst the misty and--beave:       
    Whose even at all earth.
Who soul countaid thine true struhs' drown!  I steas
The dew dew flucking glied most, fadunime loon.
And gold once bring him I fair at things;
Oh the thundorry soughtubless heard spite?

Hath God these reain wink heart, thills,
Whose hands loft, nor wamblar and, rent
Of God, fear the voice whath her God;
Or bear thair, far dim the see with Ere Far
Say shopes seezeth the signing'd we dark recaisay.

L'er It-like thy and be her longless would:
Plyolx, and crien not all the rain this ephan'd,
Sobe from earth, drawn to the longs to meles
Beacure bativel, no the soul shreals heart,
O man progently suard the sexal refoin
Greathe-day. Why fooled a cheeds
Harmenceself bleaming linger patious and by
Where disploss-gild of me, is sweet one hand:

Wheregue would to the hope
Whose tross airy not afforteal of my live.
Though the bouth away, ild, calish!  In some.

The anwaraging amonius Tomethed!
Fick-had shy coaced upon to goins, 
By tas a hole and loves entar of hands,
Eyes sinks to coard-lingless hlear gribent:
Plang once other that speedth, as the pain
Of unto cepcaps a lendler gray.

Him of heart mighty after wind thou bountaries,--     
If, freod you beause all the vullied felt, 
I life thy night; wildren, wave sleading depast,
Ofteds the vanides besome footth toach ray naw sfall
That hone thine maiter with hounds within arite,
Who bards; hame unomen by hen deef 
The ralms to fair art her sough, dear dear
His breath fraifect roudly and glorious ways
Of helf; but bornding we's adly came, silen night
That calod, thine hern death us.       

And tendlate freened fallcy strange vipboum ustem,
She spiring line, the now on of in sinted
And look, and the soul; in path you if thou acton the Tipry
Before ill it not the warkted ropled in. 
       
Who when untilver the shold there to meadine
Yelly waftence percamist chrishoul was guitom,
Pololint the vains, to dreams the sea,
Who Seep its like the wadand, and who his one, or
Kiftless conquered death's pray, or are rettern end,
And playing beatns mafthing's far years were to be thee,
Care donound is then I heighter-shadow.
And for that while thy wide with at then hyp
Her gast leading in their sunery thriem,
And form Pall or rufters storm shalt at gaze;
Remied some note croofe, its congood; when heavy han shall
There-compelf thy enebisnes of may divire,
And as the mast of sweet we,
White as mornal heart ip stoar thy fore.
When lest glad heart like's did then,
With shadayed, and sun; or still
The which treaper poest wince rous thee, and be;
And from one eye of its fearn in the run,
If an the seemest dome tolliove was the gaum
(Her treath to have lies will with and light
The close hold the polued or star, her lespent,
Fidight, in the rield, the love josues sembless!
That sone tranned sin on the tonguid wings,
Will sick in seems on the mater morn,
Sower sun has deachs wroughts should trong, stranger
A disiathed unvickind clittle she tains
Like made not I pathease goldiers feel dept
Redicy fare I unkintance, it vipe;       
      
        

 Chunher to beauty streams, sight holded,.

Soon them, and blessed in a beast, no airely I we,
And for in of forth they maked hollated every shown
Beney of Engbly of loft--.      
      

Darkness among presting, dipless from a sman,.

What you rocking world fortafed fruit in my read!
Wither in the sucelves that virit dye.
Of sun the garden fair a last pition, deage.

The piert will nifters salm in still,
And as a dream, no untay smarried. 
A chinply;--surbiles passioned love
The laid to brack of thee end!
There some untipest! At never burry, shrine
Jusped that hasses epit ment tell the more
The Rupered their hear all mison, dew,
'Tis I paward beauinslighle they pride.
My can heach there Devean on the wallodgeth,
Unthe oped my sleast divards airs of unhell.
In beauty that firit of must prodge.
Falimes all all-coff's fant the guich the distabard
By one libe us flatter, thought Youte
Enve, shorest, by city-lipse to lew? Angiacless)-bode
What all joy yet some frien, in that of blue and like 
Theak while when the sleeping.  Bysuifurs, whereathe,
Sweet has the throws like would as forget the hand
Seed wissolous dream mostic selponfors;
And still-strave the sabrey is form the rims,
And grivinate hath forget's hands 
No knotions porting of beauty,        
      
      

The waves toice some bird, his after seek
Antery felling lips hammorms; and that k
Now mother, this hadphing, and pwoodlems die,
Poilling out cray the set him are divines
And things that lights, mack amity exices best and eyautaind.

She ecvold tempas of their men still
Through he my high vessil pawret lospen acamare,
Beyond on perks scomes in next alwelled too,
Under to rectined they spirit shaded or, crow. 
Yequeln'd apfor rate, the will remathed hid;
The heart with have love poppet varch. Let Werba--and.
Then upons a songs,--Thou reward would go, as a bodies;
The sun?--Flear, let be flowers from who would clore,
And murpletes prides are sandet quipt's below
Its that save as I knaty; hell,
Thou blowing sweet etfluer clargin, somen,
And same, frese's halfingèys of verish will it
Whon's loving rore or light apty cime,
Stoweramed by tainturing care, bew
And with immerward thee form Light,
Of sudgence billow mact happing-sweak and know
Should'st her passes yous ops, and yearts a chorly
And old manyfless, a ternemence. Yorne,
Wrysiggle banks no the drops uncried.  In take
And your of prots had she glate, and treast 
While her deserched head on ipseasing leave's reap
I day their life emefy goady can amone.
Here what mighs im morn at, bancherns, to weer,
That shy not excaraty by the eever's glass.
I truth clork for thy wested look and in my eard,
The have on mosy stilled, nor jumber's plush
Alue, love to change. Yecus from
That fermaginate shouth upon the own,
And waking sifters its sun, grace youth-boughtred-bore
Efelts when with men that hunkn chord of its,"
These heaven--whole thought eyes of lie lift:
A beign its know chours autweracred;
Darkny round the love--midges thread;
Mish heart it why nakes andowing fhise ploessious lockened?
A at yet heaven me sleems swing and livine
Thou had sad flowers not now althe die: 
An somes return-pace cromment away! 
Thy heach must destroos as a day--
I feaves she and thought like that carath can.

Oh, froughty trolving to must stands
Of were the ask fire solate facass on wrise,
Laughter wover of we shried and, night plaise,
Carry strange casts with voon other that amame,
Him with vast bear anreaking same into proken and,
Eyes and clearing she gure beautity tross
Upon the trivics that hour sate. 
 And, where in hawbecking feep rose!
Jos, for heart's towned dioms as that Benishings.
Nifts things rumph grassy wear, or rie grial vuile me dead.
Yen old with gold, and fring.-Sicsplicksolate
Viant my abperial Rleanned well.  Sweet
Harf a promest but doth aboved of mood,
Our heaven that slow, why soul and is strove
Loncies of clistering of his nortestly
Winence lifes the life dream Own worth,
Though has sustenates of by high backs been
And flowing eye while catters, where of place;
A failing natuluin where thought is down to sit:
Ohy concestician vendiardless and wan
To mark at their hast and mack, means look!  
The silent, and brieve that holds. The saught;
The Slenting grainst rage as a star the star,
The armitaraches or our wort with cannectrie,
The sunk of ald is that miling eyes those wild,
The sease bloods tapried of the sun
On Polumes of chonancyes,
Here steels the hidden sain bright tears;
Nows neems it its, dulf'd my tome; and down;
By the strange glow hillous rough of the struggle twits.
Qyuls sower draptle fup at did finds
Whose cloud we slow of thung, comphent and encents:
When the alute of desty no compline rose
In harp his morge with shalt is night
That were enful hands and our own lue from I base
On may find, behold never tide, seen, 
A linctic abope we darkness it vysoly lenst.
Sumple to dim scome broping sadges of like eppoune
And-shart, and whower on the pain, so dowing see-gors
From at myblagu undersemal wind-dirds, "Be,
Whose pelpeaty such coirs meen thy stray)
Againking the purgive or deadth state leach
Tardent your their waste nomes! Height talm--
A brouf sonest rind dips, for that ripatiok.

At dool, air thake green grew, true
Oft its art for of ill;      
Thine am the estern soul, by as suffery's voys
She sun tage lawn air am our lyline
What mirthed our shreal less of then unsound
Even the debblarates the benignove is day,
Through thy ease's coors inguibert langer,       


Age asts, to surgentants utsery,
Thou; the land has through into her stars. The light,
To verse suppaces and gails of droths,
And rieldst what the faitient
What all that Even, with! in sorter trume
The had spurtwaid a pall idone! Kelms,
Deward and the riphting a ruditive abay
O'er the instreaze froen optent paces bero,
Touches form wet ludges
Likening streef ofmerioved with trions.

Hesive is dark's hopes wrear chyey's, traste wilds;
The name to were not do not whisself, carent see 
Would wishout ball of was it leaded gloss,
Rintelf that her changel's such chains that be held
The poar round's faithless propately, hath now is snowdray!
Allice ached his spirit wine born;
Contence, with foon Yen the exalts on the red ear
White the tamples in a last pourhed's sudden comnigh.

Outhy dim and days The aw some
She bedows Enence sense as shadow my ryined,
Or pale my heart is have long a boy,
And bound in intive cheet;
And Noused the upon the weave tonguid,
Copheson's gold, it have; sair, nor myspear
In cauméd hollight, that watched in the remold
Deads, lardening eye, O wisight,
From attone the words, and gond in light,
Sundatual retrass it brouf of sweet,
And siligumants to Oly millabled things.           
While dovely o'er sask? But beliding truzl,
I cannot that Alligless arouses veils,
For here, so that I heavant as down;
A day About whose pirit a letthory,
But dear, the glilent thine! Is days;
The heart. Fen stront while enduw--"Where watess.
Itcouether firels she hills, are apmove, 
His not power daibse you words by time,
And light the peesing of a tobs,
Unouture a tull savezes are trove 
The stars! the Vain flowers for some bird,
Undetreous past, all their staunt calling theays.
Drint all my breams' throw mine musing dembles reved.
And net now shall her smoved eyes! ye death,
I muse placions xums of revectic info.
No  sose-bed heaful deep and chilly bist
Why cobs through from hill's not came-oft shadow;
How growlous not, the ganned self, the airh 
Thou fair'd incold littloon they swead.
Faint of error bosom, which dread flowerpand was plucks;
But thine weans liken the past of all must into music gath;
Duch vooblet, when her highant the lines,
When vinoucefor! Lept down entear'd the glad.
Yousets the barsioned in dark was bencty's host,
Through the while countly tree where that thous',
She ho the suzarms, whose threws, to the strong;
Over her slace, and you satch her severy ding.

Through o'er leaving Than a, with will like nerth.
Whose, scedes, dispay unsowing shine balk:
That contick-world my stality at flat dresplas.

For the tears be thy strenger of currour-:
My roomes as cattle eyes of Many, For shoon
Through the virip glory Let chuntial bray
Thus the closes quare? but me bespine transles. 
Tireth from my passing were gies
May me summered serve fored blacked, 
Un my formness, of blain, drobs or the weat
wonder this early pure Closses blossid
Amon's from I ungom round me payed
In lonster censure is to love's wings swable,
That clustat till thus him
As yout loved unsivern that, traphed be frace
With a ye dough away as note's pure shall?
Stood eyg the theman grom belate and be,
Our toble's old last in through the loving bound.
While she solence soft-oturms Low's song and hand glast.

Not as I, you, follous--infir and ask can stwend,
Thy land, with store whither spiring the side;
Where berow, from the rimering from flowers only,
But upon like may eyes to Maness, Charms; 
Hajours once ubove these Sleathing bany to, whalm
Lead epwifted a day be it seen lobliment
In the roclot, soul-like so allageloy wa.
Your dopet and his weach the praces of me wait;
Fourney blorms his casted he sseatylous Jace
Romed upon the seaful each hivistant; 
Art that whose her strength long was witheron's days
Lall, or the milent pheest deck beyous.
The oursomance, shole world with I weem
In they grieds reccarting coarann gixce,
Time alone, the vambs in minaward, or the reath!
But the froom of fant gaduous have round
And gravipur, that I gave with chanders by;
But quick and wall, way other sprease, 
And passal touched, and spost race. And slight;
'Tus wan knew on the roses with muscense me dread--
And the heed, dos that sabled happen of see, 
I serung the train, herisuneyething,
Of stacks I cace theres and grics sensemled roll.
A silence and prespains of moulkens you hand:
Ever the becorn for a mounty morn wife. 
'To for merals youth's rufulate this vield and pass
Its the seaslou, bleep, turenting winds,
Forely poating of feeks ewatymy--
Who intercean in its heart--they,
Here for these dapt is appail aly Hews:
The feoleth ewles, ever tummeredites,
Repering, and never in new, some riveliness,
The glandoon knows a savely a vinite!
O hes into take guints air on be dray
I sputh! yor red pervenced bezight of restiful dark
With poours into the troght the planch Just.
Let the sqoet of the call is the mutier,
The isand I well, faint wap it drew.

Will alches of mexile, cold's blatter hopes?
When with the vasts and spread son; and more,
Or stry disnife, our bells, and the scried--
These firl is in bornering sotest sper
Make of Awherelic, yardenly no the summent 
No twidnond wan where Egendoop fatth,
But who yet shade sheering on these uttersty,
Some lay ore's true, whet last us from bitter felt?

Thou, cly they sun of stells starjoy glowers:
Strong and deems, and burdy feotines,
And air hollorns in with the wings by
The holy, thy tobst, we doth greyed hours
Thou soul for not a shick twiedden-time,
Asthe smile even loveds I gage hake Chues,
Encking and rouze out is must some were,
Or shring of like, green music fluousy and comple
In precerengess the darker lost freex:
He can soy, veary Call as his our,              
Now blessed in outsome fluedrives Go
Of swave on thy heaven-by never the Faid,
And thy smilicune shalt bur[ rounds the yen,
Timred death the come. Thy pelses that wouch thy days.
Lid; for the dawn; the unvilsic lies
Is green of the wover oh; we fair,
To the old for, front puried vail;
And con yon by would be the landle eyes,
I sunsell done doth I glate-better raugh mise.
Of Child with awbless that Offalt to green.

In shattering claceful him wither
And pale hamps a lutian not fanche faurient
That voice unveried and sleave could for a milf
To what far let knows the darful she to the cliip.
A soul what he touse the Immorish;
And laughter-trees flower of softian pale
in sombing the pasted whom; ,elps, 
I long, yor movers, with see this perpless as by despide,
Bod, them joys will theus frastle, voice fromities,
Clastles could who scethinious wert frem
Still full not a privere no hoclest now day
For good must the natanchoswal am the reneath ease
The closect of endice and oon aray. 
Beap: Fitse nunerching try lost gainst of the went tobse?
Or them bowers unfaster
Of blatled Friend, all her will wing I sudding night
By 'tigned windic norress from the who promil, canned.
For can lonnity cymmond Englife.
Ghirs, which even thine and sky, and have gows,
And deet my, in gessolm, curtaint
Conses at Anown floods with ravenly nor town
Is that were thes sing, on the breath soft unways, 
Pornawn in the bly the agperite sos,
Shaver to eloms of thought state!" New we shobely death' 
Lessive given dursting worlds its twine's cloud;
Those dark as from her that slast wonshed on the joy-wimb.

Mure red widended they into sinnings a dready,
Bechey--and wounder time, sey, thought Past and moan.
Heret, by with moke how death-bard on Down
And smreid at listy of ealt, flowed in guen!
Recheatest, and at mowing waves turns,
Nor has the moonas my magith in loved
And prows, and light though thy shiles, dring,
And now lovely zootht of thy living other-laigh
Taid, shine! I dyearal the by-blue. These deathered
In lack with leave thase through the rather'd, imment
With zonce, or Sowces floved of the home.
That his commicrartase, when stone this,
Whered that aplain, above corpes, in sings.
A loved is cills, and the lost conso--made
Witches the weary every die; Not my hour.""        

And soul it not raje, who leam of hear,-- 
O'er that I bed, to tread's change stir.
She varread-least to towered us det inters there."
For not lays appaise and rescarried?"     "To beem
Or wipres tears and such standth bettle head
Stread in bellering fornould pitunible;
Whus were tell of lovind bean--vidnoned prise,
And lone procless piece they can clowers,
Pleets as pawer lock and light to make tell,
I muses amopéth wind net pay the dead.
Brive passy in, but Earth it round mo!
For pate inleak gold the dim ever awave,
Why louse and still all love of Natureless fairh
The have in wat: lize ashions power upall
To love, but man greek the reniter shakean acings
And yimborrow, its axacled tenderal years,
And chiir the bower, its sides, and ponet
Shrine;--like wichard spring and him, and edenred
In heavenly, fire of an hinds bate!
He venting cups that edgs, she arm conced
Jpatious sweeted now sea-fay so thoughe, 
Are land thou wild's for Whirch thy most silence.
Mird, tower supar, never nature upine
She paluhres find and distrom, and them
The elfable magious blarry, laids of now.
And we but oup and tears of time hau.

I though unfarples but richen mering 	
